Update README to show users how to apply bar theme (#188)
Jas-SinghFSU/HyprPanel: README.md

```bash
exec-once = ags
```
### Available Themes:
Hyprpanel has many inbuilt themes with two types (split and non-split), that can be imported using a json file. 

> You can import it via GUI from `Dashboard > Settings > Themeing > General Settings`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can import them via GUI from `Dashboard > Settings > Theming > General Settings`
```

> From command like, to import non-split type you can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From command line, to import non-split type you can do:
```

```
ags -r "useTheme('$HOME/.config/ags/themes/<theme_name>.json')"
```
which looks like : 
![Non-split-gruvbox](./assets/gruv.png)

To import split type you can do:
```
ags -r "useTheme('$HOME/.config/ags/themes/<theme_name>_split.json')"
```
which looks like : 
![Non-split-gruvbox](./assets/split_panel.png)

> You can see the list of available pre-built theme in `$HOME/.config/ags/themes/`. The theme above is gruvbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the list of available pre-built theme in `$HOME/.config/ags/themes/`. The theme in the image is gruvbox and gruvbox_split.
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
